devlogs/Donovan_Dev_log.md, before:

Date: 09/09/2025

Project / Module: First midterm


List what you planned to accomplish. (e.g)

[O] Make the navbar responsive
[O] Make the ai_response html
[O] Make the ai_response html

Describe what you actually worked on. (e.g)

Create the page for the ai assistance form
Create the page for the ai response template
Create a responsive design for both pages
Create the navbar to conect the views

Document how you used Gen AI (e.g., Copilot, ChatGPT, etc.)

AI : Gemini code assist
Usage: Autocompletitions, especially for name of the classes because they became to large and for the css.

AI : Gemini CLI
Prompt : "Connect the anchors to their corresponding pages and also improve responsiveness of the whole site whitout changing the html and keeping the color palette."
Edits : The corresponding anchors where connected to their pages.

AI : Gemini CLI
Prompt : "Restructure the project in order to a correct deploy in github pages, also correct the routes if necessary."
Edits : The structure was corrected and changed.


Personal Reflection 
I think the most important thing to do with this project is to have a good planification in order to do the right effort to accomplish your goals.

Commit message:

Models added and endpoints structure added to the project.

devlogs/Donovan_Dev_log.md, after:

Date: 09/09/2025

Project / Module: First midterm


List what you planned to accomplish. (e.g)

[O] Make the navbar responsive
[O] Make the ai_response html
[O] Make the ai_response html

Describe what you actually worked on. (e.g)

Create the page for the ai assistance form
Create the page for the ai response template
Create a responsive design for both pages
Create the navbar to conect the views

Document how you used Gen AI (e.g., Copilot, ChatGPT, etc.)

AI : Gemini code assist
Usage: Autocompletitions, especially for name of the classes because they became to large and for the css.

AI : Gemini CLI
Prompt : "Connect the anchors to their corresponding pages and also improve responsiveness of the whole site whitout changing the html and keeping the color palette."
Edits : The corresponding anchors where connected to their pages.

AI : Gemini CLI
Prompt : "Restructure the project in order to a correct deploy in github pages, also correct the routes if necessary."
Edits : The structure was corrected and changed.

AI : Gemini CLI
Prompt: "Help me to migrate from html to ejs, create the basic directory structure and transform from html to ejs, convert the navbar to a partial, don´t modify the content, create the basic server.js to put the views there."

AI : Gemini CLI
Prompt: Using the models.json file as a base, I want you to create the mongoose models for my database. I want you to create the models for me in separate files so I can export them and I also want the models that they are related as block_types with block_content, leave them in the same file, relate them to a discriminant and also prepare them for me to export it and be able to use it in the endpoints.

Personal Reflection 
I think the most important thing to do with this project is to have a good planification in order to do the right effort to accomplish your goals.
